W-17552030 callback url connectors cloudhub public endpoint (#2794)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: connectors-home/modules/ROOT/pages/introduction/intro-config-oauth2-cloudhub.adoc

+
image::intro-config-oauth2-cloudhub-callback-config.png["External Callback Url field configuration window"]
+
[NOTE]
====
If you are deploying to multiple regions or have some other gateway configured, use the hostname of the load balancer or the gateway in your OAuth provider callback URL and in *External Callback Url*.

> If your Salesforce instance does not support HTTP or HTTPS callback URLs with private cloud URLs, you can update the callback URL to use a public endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Salesforce instance doesn't support HTTP or HTTPS callback URLs with private cloud URLs, you can update the callback URL to use a public endpoint.
```
